A frugal install, as characterized by most Linux distros that use it, is
a technique that copies the CDROM boot files as is, directly to a hard 
drive. The distro can then boot from these files and operate as if it had 
booted from the CDROM. 

This lets the user bypass the sometimes lengthly and messy full install 
procedure. Not all distributions are set up to do such a thing. But for 
those that are, they need only a handful of files to be copied to the 
hard drive, making for a very simple and fast install.

A frugal install is similar to running a live cd or live usb, except that 
it is running from a hard drive. Advantages of frugal:

  - Space is saved (installation to hard drive typically is 4 times the 
    size of the iso, whereas with frugal it is the size of the iso).

  - Frugal from hard drive is faster than live usb and live cd.

  - Great for testing (once set up). 

Since alphaOS is based on Linux Live Kit, it can be installed in conjunction 
with about any other operating system, without the need for an additional 
disc or separate partition.

You can find system installer GUI located as the last icon in the Control 
Center. It is based on GRUB2 and will guide you through the proccess of 
installing alphaOS to hard drive or USB flash disk. 

One thing to remember: if you already have system installed inside alphaos 
directory on hard disk, installation directory on the USB should be named 
differently, for example alphaos.usb, and you need to use boot code 
from=/alphaos.usb. Also, bootcode usbmode should be used always when alphaos 
is installed to USB drive to reduce number of device writes.

On first reboot after the installation is finished you will need to make save file 
(there is a GUI for that also in Control Center). Changes made during that first
session after you made save file will be saved, so reboot is not required.

If you plan to use makesb script for automatic module creation from Arch packages,
target partition where you make frugal installation needs to be of type ext4,
or other Linux supported filesystem. Otherwise, just make larger save file and
install packages with pacman like in regular Arch.
